treewide: Remove nRF Cloud REST (#28522)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/location.rst

  * A-GNSS and P-GPS are managed with :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_agnss` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps`.
  * The application may also use some other source for the data and use :c:func:`location_agnss_data_process` and :c:func:`location_pgps_data_process` to pass the data to the Location library.
  * The data format of A-GNSS or P-GPS must be as received from :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_agnss`.

>   * The data transport method for :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_agnss` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` can be configured to be either MQTT (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_MQTT`) or CoAP (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_COAP`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You can configure the data transport method for :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_agnss` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` to be either MQTT (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_MQTT`) or CoAP (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_COAP`).
```
